Adding landsat data download (#500)
earthlab/earthpy: docs/earthpy-data-subsets.rst

Land-Use Satellite `(Landsat) <https://www.earthdatascience.org/courses/earth-analytics-python/multispectral-remote-sensing-in-python/landsat-bands-geotif-in-Python/>`_
(provided by the USGS).

> cs-test-naip`Geolocated Twitter data related to the 2013 Boulder floods <https://figshare.com/articles/Earth_Analytics_Python_2017_Colorado_Floods_Twitter_data/5603413>`_.

Reviewer: @nkorinek this doesn't look right. cs-test-naip is one of our hidden datasets not twitter.

Author: Huh! Looks like I accidentally copy pasted that there somehow.

-------------

`Geolocated Twitter data related to the 2013 Boulder floods <https://figshare.com/articles/Earth_Analytics_Python_2017_Colorado_Floods_Twitter_data/5603413>`_.

cold-springs-landsat-scenes
---------------------------

> Before and after `Landsat imagery of the 2016 Cold Springs fire near Nederland, CO <https://figshare.com/articles/Earth_Analytics_Python_HOMEWORK_Landsat_Pre_Fire_Data_Cloud_Free/6083300>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before and after cloud-free `Landsat scenes covering the 2016 Cold Springs fire near Nederland, CO <https://figshare.com/articles/Earth_Analytics_Python_HOMEWORK_Landsat_Pre_Fire_Data_Cloud_Free/6083300>`_.
```
